Starter Code and Configuration Guidelines
The starter code is the code snippet on which you must create the frontend using React of the upGrad Eshop application. This will help you follow the proper configuration guidelines that are required for developing this application.

Use create-react-app to bootstrap a react project which will act as the starter code for your application.


At all points in time, you need to make sure that your web app is configured properly. Keeping the configuration guidelines in mind, you need to ensure that whenever you make any changes, you adhere to the guidelines mentioned below.



1. Always keep the following folders and the corresponding files inside them in the root directory of your application.

‘node_modules’ folder (containing the list of all the packages)

‘public’ folder

     ‘index.html’ file

     ‘manifest.json’ file

‘src’ folder

    ‘assets’ folder

    ‘common’ folder

    ‘components’ folder

   ‘index.css’ file
 
   ‘index.js’ file

‘.gitignore’ file

‘package-lock.json’ file

‘package.json’ file

‘README.md’ file

Remember to not disturb the names of these folders and files, and their locations inside the application. If you do, then it would be cumbersome for the graders to evaluate your code based on the given rubrics. Also, take special care to change only the required content of these folders and files. If you fail to do so, then your application may fail to run successfully, and this would also lead to your application being evaluated incorrectly.

2. Place all the common elements, components, stylesheets, scripts, etc., inside the ‘common’ folder.



3. Place all the resource files that you need to use in the application inside the ‘assets’ folder.



4. Create all your React components inside the ‘components’  folder. For each component, you need to first create a folder by the name of that component. Inside this folder, you need to create one JSX file and one stylesheet corresponding to that component.



For example, if you are creating the home component, then you can create a folder named ‘home’ inside the ‘components’ folder. Inside this folder, you can create two files, ‘Home.js’ and ‘Home.css’, which are, respectively, the JSX and stylesheet files corresponding to the home component of the application. It should look like this.

‘components’ folder

   ‘home’ folder

      ‘Home.js’ file

      ‘Home.css’ file



Also, find below the backend code for the application: